Knouted we covered all the redirection techniques you can use.
Let's talk about something which is kind of related with redirecting navigation guards.
Guard is something you might know from other frameworks and the routers typically Garda's for example
used when you don't know where every user is authenticated or not.
And there are some parts in your application some routes you only want to allow the user to visit if
he is offending hated wifi re-act router you might need to have to think about discards in a new way.
For example in the block components you're in a blocked container where we set up the routing for a
new post and so on.
The sense in the end all we're doing here is just rendering some components the route component the
switch component if we want to make sure the new posts can't be reached.
We can't simply render this conditionally.
So let's say we have some off state here I add state and that state off is false initially.
Now what I can of course do is I can go down into my renderers statement and even now use a variable
which returns NULL or dead route or to use the quick and dirty inline solution.
I can check if this state off is true in which case I want to render that route otherwise I return NULL.
Now there is no way the user can access new post if he's not offene catered So if the off state is false
because this route is basically unknown then because it's not rendered.
So now if I save this and keep in mind the default state now is that of is false.
If this is the case and I click on new post I redirect it back to the starting page because what essentially
is happening here is that redirect kicks in here.
As I said from your basically chust is used as a prefix and therefore it catches everything which isn't
caught before and redirects me to posts.
This is a guard.
It's totally different that we use guards in Bangalore or any any other framework.
But in the end this is how you can conveniently control wherever the user is allowed to access this
page or not.
Of course an alternative to this would be to go to the guarded page and inside component it mount here.
You could also check if the user is authentic hated and it of course depends on the application from
where you are getting that information.
But then you could also check that here and simply use dis prop's history replace posts.
If user is vindicated for example like that.
So this also is an alternative using component amounts to essentially redirect to use or if it's not
true.
This is how you work with the re-act router This is how I once used to think about it you control a
lot of it.
By the way you render its components.
And if that route isn't rendered you can't reach that route.
The definition isn't rendered so the component connected to it can't be loaded.
This is how you have to think about it and how you have to structure your application.
Wrap your head around this this is really crucial to get right and crucial to understand.